fix(BlockItemWrapper): Adjust block item wrapper outline offset (#1178)
Frontify/brand-sdk: .changeset/nice-hornets-deny.md

---
"@frontify/guideline-blocks-settings": patch
---

> adjust default value for outlineOffset prop of BlockItemWrapper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix(BlockItemWrapper): adjust default value of the `outlineOffset` prop to `0`
```
